pull_request_
Visual Studio Code Dev Containers

The Dev Containers extension lets you use a Docker container as a full-featured development environment. Whether you deploy to containers or not, containers make a great development environment because you can:

Develop with a consistent, easily reproducible toolchain on the same operating system you deploy to.
Quickly swap between different, separate development environments and safely make updates without worrying about impacting your local machine.
Make it easy for new team members / contributors to get up and running in a consistent development environment.
Try out new technologies or clone a copy of a code base without impacting your local setup.
The extension starts (or attaches to) a development container running a well defined tool and runtime stack. Workspace files can be mounted into the container from the local file system, or copied or cloned into it once the container is running. Extensions are installed and run inside the container where they have full access to the tools, platform, and file system.

You then work with VS Code as if everything were running locally on your machine, except now they are separated inside a container.

Dev Container

System Requirements

You can use Docker with the Dev Containers extension in a few ways, including:

Docker installed locally
Docker installed on a remote environment
Other Docker compliant CLIs, installed locally or remotely
While other CLIs may work, they are not officially supported. Note that attaching to a Kubernetes cluster only requires a properly configured kubectl CLI
You can learn more in the alternative Docker options doc.

Below are some specific ways you can configure Docker.

Local:

Windows: Docker Desktop 2.0+ on Windows 10 Pro/Enterprise. Windows 10 Home (2004+) requires Docker Desktop 2.2+ and the WSL2 back-end. (Docker Toolbox is not supported.)
macOS: Docker Desktop 2.0+.
Linux: Docker CE/EE 18.06+ and Docker Compose 1.21+. (The Ubuntu snap package is not supported.)
Containers:

x86_64 / ARMv7l (AArch32) / ARMv8l (AArch64) Debian 9+, Ubuntu 16.04+, CentOS / RHEL 7+
x86_64 Alpine Linux 3.9+
Other glibc based Linux containers may work if they have needed prerequisites.

While ARMv7l (AArch32), ARMv8l (AArch64), and musl based Alpine Linux support is available, some extensions installed on these devices may not work due to the use of glibc or x86 compiled native code in the extension. See the Remote Development with Linux article for details.

Note that while the Docker CLI is required, the Docker daemon/service does not need to be running locally if you are using a remote Docker host.

Installation

To get started, follow these steps:

Install VS Code or VS Code Insiders and this extension.
Install and configure Docker for your operating system, using one of the paths below or an alternative Docker option, like Docker on a remote host or Docker compliant CLI.

Windows / macOS:

Install Docker Desktop for Mac/Windows.
If not using WSL2 on Windows, right-click on the Docker task bar item, select Settings / Preferences and update Resources > File Sharing with any locations your source code is kept. See tips and tricks for troubleshooting.
To enable the Windows WSL2 back-end: Right-click on the Docker taskbar item and select Settings. Check Use the WSL2 based engine and verify your distribution is enabled under Resources > WSL Integration.
Linux:

Follow the official install instructions for Docker CE/EE. If you use Docker Compose, follow the Docker Compose install directions.
Add your user to the docker group by using a terminal to run: sudo usermod -aG docker $USER Sign out and back in again so this setting takes effect.
Working with Git? Here are two tips to consider:

If you are working with the same repository folder in a container and Windows, be sure to set up consistent line endings. See tips and tricks to learn how.
If you clone using a Git credential manager, your container should already have access to your credentials! If you use SSH keys, you can also opt-in to sharing them. See Sharing Git credentials with your container for details.
Getting started

Follow the step-by-step tutorial or if you are comfortable with Docker, follow these four steps:

Follow the installation steps above.
Clone https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-remote-try-node locally.
Start VS Code
Run the Dev Containers: Open Folder in Container... command and select the local folder.
Check out the repository README for things to try. Next, learn how you can:

Use a container as your full-time environment - Open an existing folder in a container for use as your full-time development environment in few easy steps. Works with both container and non-container deployed projects.
Attach to a running container - Attach to a running container for quick edits, debugging, and triaging.
Advanced: Use a remote Docker host - Once you know the basics, learn how to use a remote Docker host if needed.
Available commands

Another way to learn what you can do with the extension is to browse the commands it provides. Press F1 to bring up the Command Palette and type in Dev Containers for a full list of commands.

Command palette

You can also click on the Remote Indicator in the status bar to get a list of the most common commands.

Remote Indicator status bar item

For more information, please see the extension documentation.

Release Notes

While an optional install, this extension releases with VS Code. VS Code release notes include a summary of changes to all Remote Development extensions with a link to detailed release notes.

As with VS Code itself, the extensions update during a development iteration. You can use the pre-release version of this extension to regularly get the latest extension updates before the official extension release.

Questions, Feedback, Contributing

Have a question or feedback?

See the documentation or the troubleshooting guide.
Up-vote a feature or request a new one, search existing issues, or report a problem.
Check out the Development Containers Specification and OSS dev container CLI.
Contribute to our documentation.
...and more. See our CONTRIBUTING guide for details.
Telemetry

Visual Studio Code Dev Containers and related extensions collect telemetry data to help us build a better experience working remotely from VS Code. We only collect data on which commands are executed. We do not collect any information about image names, paths, etc. The extension respects the telemetry.enableTelemetry setting which you can learn more about in the Visual Studio Code FAQ.

License

By downloading and using the Visual Studio Dev Containers extension and its related components, you agree to the product license terms and privacy statement.

Webhook event payload	Activity types	GITHUB_SHA	GITHUB_REF
pull_request	- assigned
- unassigned
- labeled
- unlabeled
- opened
- edited
- closed
- reopened
- synchronize
- converted_to_draft
- ready_for_review
- locked
- unlocked
- review_requested
- review_request_removed
- auto_merge_enabled
- auto_merge_disabled	Last commit on the PR base branch	PR base 
【GitHub Developer Program
If you build tools that integrate with GitHub, you can join the GitHub Developer Program.
In this article
Scratch an itch
Take on the enterprise
Have an integration that works with GitHub?
Ready to join the GitHub Developer Program?
Building an application that integrates with GitHub? Register for our Developer Program! The possibilities are endless, and you enjoy the kudos. Register now.

Scratch an itch

Build your own tools that seamlessly integrate with the place you push code every day.

Take on the enterprise

Email partnerships@github.com to request developer licenses to build and test your application against GitHub Enterprise Server.

Have an integration that works with GitHub?

Awesome! Here’s how you can spread the word:

Use the Octocat or GitHub logo to identify that your product works with GitHub.
Post a video or a blog on your website about your integration.
Ready to join the GitHub Developer Program?

Membership is open to individual developers and companies who have:

An integration in production or development using the GitHub API.
An email address where GitHub users can contact you for support.
Press alt+up to activate
Help and support
Did this doc help you?


Privacy policy
Help us make these docs great!

All GitHub docs are open source. github
5 years ago

.gitlab
3 days ago

.lefthook/pre-push
last year

.rubocop_todo
4 days ago

app
2 hours ago

bin
3 days ago

builds
9 years ago

changelogs
2 weeks ago

config
2 days ago

danger
last week
Repository files navigation

README

License
GitLab

Canonical source

The canonical source of GitLab where all development takes place is hosted on GitLab.com.

If you wish to clone a copy of GitLab without proprietary code, you can use the read-only mirror of GitLab located at https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-foss/. However, please do not submit any issues and/or merge requests to that project.

Free trial

You can request a free trial of GitLab Ultimate on our website.

Open source software to collaborate on code

To see how GitLab looks please see the features page on our website.

Manage Git repositories with fine grained access controls that keep your code secure
Perform code reviews and enhance collaboration with merge requests
Complete continuous integration (CI) and continuous deployment/delivery (CD) pipelines to build, test, and deploy your applications
Each project can also have an issue tracker, issue board, and a wiki
Used by more than 100,000 organizations, GitLab is the most popular solution to manage Git repositories on-premises
Completely free and open source (MIT Expat license)
Editions

There are three editions of GitLab:

GitLab Community Edition (This branch is 8 commits ahead of dbarobin/github:master.
Folders and files
Name	
Latest commit
intelligentAI1
intelligentAI1
4 minutes ago
History

.github/workflows
last week

linux
4 years ago

LICENSE
18 minutes ago

README.md
2 years ago

github_domain.txt
5 years ago

github_hosts.py
2 years ago

github_hosts.txt
2 years ago

intelligent
4 minutes ago

proxychains.conf
5 years ago
Repository files navigation
README
Code of conduct
GitHub Acceleration Best Practices

GitHub Acceleration Best Practices, see at: GitHub Docs.

Installation

Installation via git clone or download this repo.

Usage

Git clone or download zip
Execute python github_hosts.py, python 2.7+ required
Copy content of github_hosts.txt to local hosts file
Enjoy GitHub!
Usage for linux

Git clone or download zip
su root
Execute bash linux/linux_start.sh, this script will add a cron job tp refresh /etc/hosts every hour
Enjoy GitHub!
Contributing

Fork it!
Create your feature branch: git checkout -b my-new-feature
Commit your changes: git commit -am 'Add some feature'
Push to the branch: git push origin my-new-feature
Submit a pull request :D
Contact

bkbiblzh@duck.com

License

MIT.

Releases

Yes releases published
Create a new release
Packages

Yes packages published
Publish your first package
Languages

Shell
100%
 
Python
0.1%
Footer
© 2024 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact
Manage cookies
Do not share my personal information) is available freely under the MIT Expat license.
GitLab Enterprise Edition (EE) includes extra features that are more useful for organizations with more than 100 users. To use EE and get official support please become a subscriber.
JiHu Edition (JH) tailored specifically for the Chinese market.
Licensing

See the LICENSE file for licensing information as it pertains to files in this repository.

Hiring

We are hiring developers, support people, and production engineers all the time, please see our jobs page.

Website

On about.gitlab.com you can find more information about:

Subscriptions
Professional Services
Community
Hosted GitLab.com use GitLab as a free service
GitLab Enterprise Edition with additional features aimed at larger organizations.
GitLab CI a continuous integration (CI) server that is easy to integrate with GitLab.
Requirements

Please see the requirements documentation for system requirements and more information about the supported operating systems.

Installation

The recommended way to install GitLab is with the Omnibus packages on our package server. Compared to an installation from source, this is faster and less error prone. Just select your operating system, download the respective package (Debian or RPM) and install it using the system's package manager.

There are various other options to install GitLab, please refer to the installation page on the GitLab website for more information.

Contributing

GitLab is an open source project and we are very happy to accept community contributions. Please refer to Contributing to GitLab page for more details.

Install a development environment

To work on GitLab itself, we recommend setting up your development environment with the GitLab Development Kit. If you do not use the GitLab Development Kit you need to install and configure all the dependencies yourself, this is a lot of work and error prone. One small thing you also have to do when installing it yourself is to copy the example development Puma configuration file:

cp config/puma.example.development.rb config/puma.rb
Instructions on how to start GitLab and how to run the tests can be found in the getting started section of the GitLab Development Kit.

Software stack

GitLab is a Ruby on Rails application that runs on the following software:

Ubuntu/Debian/CentOS/RHEL/OpenSUSE
Ruby (MRI) 3.1.4
Git 2.33+
Redis 6.0+
PostgreSQL 12+
For more information please see the architecture and requirements documentation.

UX design

Please adhere to the UX Guide when creating designs and implementing code.

Third-party applications

There are a lot of third-party applications integrating with GitLab. These include GUI Git clients, mobile applications and API wrappers for various languages.

GitLab release cycle

For more information about the release process see the release documentation.

Upgrading

For upgrading information please see our update page.

Documentation

All documentation can be found on https://docs.gitlab.com.

Getting help

Please see Getting help for GitLab on our website for the many options to get help.

Why?

Read here

Is it any good?

Yes

Is it awesome?

These people seem to like  Submit a pull request.

Learn how to contribute

Wikidata Toolkit

Build status Coverage status Maven Central 
 Project Stats

Wikidata Toolkit is a Java library for accessing Wikidata and other Wikibase installations. It can be used to create bots, to perform data extraction tasks (e.g., convert all data in Wikidata to a new format), and to do large-scale analyses that are too complex for using a simple SPARQL query service.

Documentation

Wikidata Toolkit homepage: project homepage with basic user documentation, including guidelines on how to setup your Java IDE for using Maven and git.
Wikidata Toolkit examples: stand-alone Java project that shows how to use Wikidata Toolkit as a library for your own code.
Wikidata Toolkit Javadocs: API documentation
License and Credits

Authors: Markus Kroetzsch, Julian Mendez, Fredo Erxleben, Michael Guenther, Markus Damm, Antonin Delpeuch, Thomas Pellissier Tanon and other contributors

License: Apache 2.0

The development of Wikidata Toolkit has been partially funded by the Wikimedia Foundation under the Wikibase Toolkit Individual Engagement Grant, and by the German Research Foundation (DFG) under Emmy Noether grant KR 4381/1-1 "DIAMOND".

How to make a release

During development, the version number in the pom.xml files should be the next version number assuming that the next version is a patch release, followed by -SNAPSHOT. For instance, if the last version to have been released was 1.2.3, then the pom.xml files should contain <version>1.2.4-SNAPSHOT</version>.

Pick the version number for the new release you want to publish, following SemVer. If this is going to be a patch release, it should be the version currently in pom.xml without the -SNAPSHOT suffix. In the following steps, we will assume this new version is 1.2.4.
Write the new version number in the pom.xml files with mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=1.2.4
Add some release notes in the RELEASE-NOTES.md file at the root of the repository
Commit the changes: git commit -am "Set version to 1.2.4"
Add a tag for the version: git tag -a v1.2.4 -m "Version 1.2.4"
Write the next version number in the pom.xml file, by incrementing the patch release number: mvn versions:set -DnewVersion=1.2.5-SNAPSHOT
Commit the changes: git commit -am "Set version to 1.2.5-SNAPSHOT"
Push commits and tags: git push --tags && git push
In GitHub's UI, create a release by going to https://github.com/Wikidata/Wikidata-Toolkit/releases/new. Pick the tag you just created, give a title to the release and quickly describe the changes since the previous release (see existing releases for examples).
Update the version number mentioned in https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Wikidata_Toolkit
Update the examples in https://github.com/Wikidata/Wikidata-Toolkit-Examples (generally just bumping WDTK's version in the pom.xml file works. Make sure it still compiles afterwards.)
The library is automatically packaged and uploaded to Maven Central by the continuous deployment (with GitHub Actions). So is the HTML version of the javadoc (to GitHub Pages).

Ask the GitHub community
Contact support
Legal

© 2024 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Status
Pricing
Expert services
Blog】
